"Algorithm Project 3

 Aissatou Dieng & Nhan Vu 

Let's start off by initializing the process. 
Let's set a called "NUMBER_OF_TESTS" to 5 for global use, in our code. 
Create a list of choices for the menu with options, like Add Item, Remove Item, Show Items, Find, Outcome, and Exit. 
Define a structure called "Student" with the following components; 

Full name (please provide your name as a single string). 
Unique identifier, for the student, known as StudentID.
The total number of exams the student has completed.
Storing test scores in an array.
The typical value is derived from all the test scores.

Present the menu to the user, with these choices available; 

Record a student's information, in the system. 
Delete a student's information, from the records. 
Please show me all the records. 
Please locate a student using their identification number. 
Save the outcomes to a document. 
Stop the software now. 
Prompt the user to select an option to validate the input provided and utilize a loop to manage any entries. 
Utilize a switch case structure, with cases determined by enumeration constants; 
Call the function for every choice, on the menu. 
If the user chooses to quit make sure to leave with a message. 
Function to include a student, in the system. AddStudent
Please ask the user to provide; 

Please provide me with the student's name for our records. 
Student identification number. 
The amount of exams that have been completed. 
Storing test scores in an array that is allocated dynamically.
Calculate the mean of the test results. 
Append the student's information, to the student data file named student.dat. 
Function to delete student records
Enter the StudentID as input. 
Read the information, from all student files stored in the student.dat file. Store it in a flexible array structure. 
Looking for the corresponding StudentID; 

If the record is located in the system's database then remove it. Make sure to update the file accordingly. 
If the item is not located, inform the user. 
Update the records, in the student.dat file. Save the changes. 
Function to show data, on the screen labeled as "display."
Step 2; Import all data, from the student.dat file into a flexible array structure. 
Present every entry, in an arranged table format; 

Please provide the input text that needs to be paraphrased.
Functionality, for conducting searches
Please provide the input so I can rewrite it in a human manner for you to use it further. 
Search student.dat file to find a record; 

If located; exhibit the information of the student. 
If it's not located,\inform the user. 
A function called "exportResults"
Open the file student.dat to read data and open averages.dat to write data. 
For every student's information do the following; 

Calculate the sum of all test scores. 
Please locate the score using the function findMinimum. 
Deduct the number from the sum and find the average value. 
Please save the StudentID and average in the averages.dat file. 
Function to locate the value in a set of numbers. FindMinimum
Receive a list of exam grades and their quantity. 
If there are, more than five tests conducted in the assessment process the outcome should be zero. 
If there are 5 tests to conduct in total locate the value and report it back. 

Function Supporter Method, for retrieving numbers
Please provide me with the number of records, in the student.dat file. 


Split the code into three files; 

euidProject_main.cpp houses the function. 
The file euidProject_func.cpp includes all the functions needed for the project implementation. 
The euidProject_header.h file includes parameters as well, as structure definitions and declarations of functions."

